DateTime field support (#1665)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/configuration/index-config.md

## Doc mapping

> The doc mapping defines how a document and the fields it contains are stored and indexed for a given index. A document is a collection of named fields, each having its own data type (text, binary, date, i64, u64, f64).

Author: We could definitely have both: date being based on datetime. For better support (query parsing, display). I think we need to start from tantivy.  Would you suggest renaming the `date` type as `datetime` now?

> The doc mapping defines how a document and the fields it contains are stored and indexed for a given index. A document is a collection of named fields, each having its own data type (text, binary, date, i64, u64, f64).

Reviewer: Yes, let's rename everything `Datetime` for now. We can add a proper `Date` type later with better tantivy support.

| `indexed`   | Whether value is indexed | `true` |
| `fast`      | Whether value is stored in a fast field | `false` |

#### `datetime` type

The `datetime` type can accepts multiple formats and a storage precision. The following formats are supported but need to be explicitly requested via configuration.
- `rfc3339`, `rfc2822`, `iso8601`: Parsing dates using standard specified formats.
- `strftime`: Parsing dates using the Unix [strftime](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/strftime.3.html) format.
- `unix_ts_secs`, `unix_ts_millis`, `unix_ts_micros`: Parsing dates from numbers (timestamp). Only one can be used in configuration. `unix_ts_secs` is added to the list by default if none is specified. 

:::info

> When accepting multiple formats, the corresponding parsers are tried in order they are declared. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying multiple input formats, the corresponding parsers are tried in the order they are declared. 
```
